All right, so now we're gonna go ahead and
download the Ubuntu,
also known as the Lenaro image, so we're
gonna go ahead and dive into the screen.
>> So you wanna go ahead and open up your
browser and then go to 96boards.org.
And you're gonna want to click the
DragonBoard 410c that you see right there.
From there, there's a section downloads
at the navigation bar or navigation bar.
We're gonna go ahead and click that and
you're want to click the Lenaro,
the Linux-based on Ubuntu image,
as Randy's about to click on.
Choose the file destination
of your preference, so
we're gonna save ours in the desktop, and
then if we go to our desktop, we'll
see that it should be available there.
All right, it's currently downloading.
So we're gonna go ahead and
let that download, and when you finish and
when ours finish we'll see
you in the next section.